Update client-side-without-jquery.md (#653)
DevExpress/DevExtreme.AspNet.Data: docs/client-side-without-jquery.md

  bootstrap: [AppComponent]
})
export class AppModule { }
```

## Intercept HTTP Requests in Angular Applications

> In v24.1, we introduced a capability to intercept Ajax requests in DevExtreme Angular components. For more information, refer to the following help topic: [Intercept HTTP Requests](https://js.devexpress.com/Angular/Documentation/Guide/Angular_Components/Common_Features/Intercept_HTTP_Requests/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v24.1, we added the ability to intercept Ajax requests in DevExtreme Angular components. For more information, refer to the following help topic: [Intercept HTTP Requests](https://js.devexpress.com/Angular/Documentation/Guide/Angular_Components/Common_Features/Intercept_HTTP_Requests/).
```
